README.md, before:

ApoutchikaMediaBundle
=====================

[![Build Status](http://travis-ci.org/apoutchika/MediaBundle.png)](http://travis-ci.org/#!/apoutchika/MediaBundle)


The ApoutchikaMediaBundle add complete gestion of medias (uploaded) for your
users.

Why ApoutchikaMediaBundle ?

* The concept is simple for front user and simple for back user (developper).
* For all images, the bundle add editor for turn, crop or set focus of image.
* The focus is the best fonctionnality of this bundle. It's inspired from the excellent [jQuery FocusPoint](https://github.com/jonom/jquery-focuspoint), but is managed on the back, with the Imagine library.
* You can use KnpGaufrette: Actually, local and ftp is implemented. Add other is easy, i wait your pull request ;-)
* Your users send a very big images ? Set the limit size (width and height) in the config.yml
* Create automatiquely context by user, document, etc... : $media->setContext('user:12') // (or in form options) and other users can not see this media !
* Compatible **IE8**
* Use ApoutchikaMediaBundle with ckeditor!
* Etc.

Actually, only Doctrine ORM is implemented. Please wait, or give pull request for other drivers.

Screenshots
-----------

### Fields
![Fields](https://github.com/apoutchika/MediaBundle/raw/master/Resources/public/images/screenshot/fields.png)

### Editor for images
![Editor for images](https://github.com/apoutchika/MediaBundle/raw/master/Resources/public/images/screenshot/editor.png)

### List
![List](https://github.com/apoutchika/MediaBundle/raw/master/Resources/public/images/screenshot/list.png)

### Add new media
![Add new media](https://github.com/apoutchika/MediaBundle/raw/master/Resources/public/images/screenshot/add.png)


Documentation
-------------

* [Installation](Resources/doc/install.md)
* [Quick start](Resources/doc/quickstart.md)
* [Contexts](Resources/doc/contexts.md)
* [Render media](Resources/doc/rendermedia.md)
* [Security](Resources/doc/security.md)
* [Gaufrette](Resources/doc/gaufrette.md)
* [Ckeditor](Resources/doc/ckeditor.md)

* [Exemple](Resources/doc/exemple.md)
* [Configuration reference](Resources/doc/configuration_reference.md)


License
-------

This bundle is under the MIT license. See the complete license in the bundle:

    Resources/meta/LICENSE

Tests
-----

Run tests with phpunit in Tests/ directory


Credits
-------

Big thank to [Robin&Robin studio graphique](http://www.robin-studio.com) for the web design.

Commit message:

install sf2 version and add info for install sf3

README.md, after:

ApoutchikaMediaBundle
=====================

[![Build Status](http://travis-ci.org/apoutchika/MediaBundle.png)](http://travis-ci.org/#!/apoutchika/MediaBundle)

_:warning: This branch is for **Symfony2**, if you want install this bundle for Symfony3, [see on sf3 branch](https://github.com/apoutchika/MediaBundle/tree/sf3)_

The ApoutchikaMediaBundle add complete gestion of medias (uploaded) for your
users.

Why ApoutchikaMediaBundle ?

* The concept is simple for front user and simple for back user (developper).
* For all images, the bundle add editor for turn, crop or set focus of image.
* The focus is the best fonctionnality of this bundle. It's inspired from the excellent [jQuery FocusPoint](https://github.com/jonom/jquery-focuspoint), but is managed on the back, with the Imagine library.
* You can use KnpGaufrette: Actually, local and ftp is implemented. Add other is easy, i wait your pull request ;-)
* Your users send a very big images ? Set the limit size (width and height) in the config.yml
* Create automatiquely context by user, document, etc... : $media->setContext('user:12') // (or in form options) and other users can not see this media !
* Compatible **IE8**
* Use ApoutchikaMediaBundle with ckeditor!
* Etc.

Actually, only Doctrine ORM is implemented. Please wait, or give pull request for other drivers.

Screenshots
-----------

### Fields
![Fields](https://github.com/apoutchika/MediaBundle/raw/master/Resources/public/images/screenshot/fields.png)

### Editor for images
![Editor for images](https://github.com/apoutchika/MediaBundle/raw/master/Resources/public/images/screenshot/editor.png)

### List
![List](https://github.com/apoutchika/MediaBundle/raw/master/Resources/public/images/screenshot/list.png)

### Add new media
![Add new media](https://github.com/apoutchika/MediaBundle/raw/master/Resources/public/images/screenshot/add.png)


Documentation
-------------

* [Installation](Resources/doc/install.md)
* [Quick start](Resources/doc/quickstart.md)
* [Contexts](Resources/doc/contexts.md)
* [Render media](Resources/doc/rendermedia.md)
* [Security](Resources/doc/security.md)
* [Gaufrette](Resources/doc/gaufrette.md)
* [Ckeditor](Resources/doc/ckeditor.md)

* [Exemple](Resources/doc/exemple.md)
* [Configuration reference](Resources/doc/configuration_reference.md)


License
-------

This bundle is under the MIT license. See the complete license in the bundle:

    Resources/meta/LICENSE

Tests
-----

Run tests with phpunit in Tests/ directory


Credits
-------

Big thank to [Robin&Robin studio graphique](http://www.robin-studio.com) for the web design.
